Feat - Restructure Shimmer Develop Section Part - Add "What is Shimmer?" and more links to docs (#894)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: shimmer/develop/what-is-shimmer/networks.md

---
description: 'Shimmer public load-balanced networks, APIs and tools.'
image: /img/shimmer-wiki.png
---

# Networks

## Shimmer Mainnet

You can access the Stardust protocols' stable features by using
the [Shimmer Mainnet](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/reference/networks/shimmer/). Although it is an

> innovation network, all the Stardust protocol features have been tested on the [Shimmer Beta network](#shimmer-beta). You can rest assured that your experience will be stable and reliable.

Reviewer: It's not called `Shimmer Beta` anymore ;)

```suggestion
innovation network, all the Stardust protocol features have been tested on the [public testnet](#public-testnet). You can rest assured that your experience will be stable and reliable.
```

:::tip Public APIs

You can find a list of public APIs in the [Shimmer Endpoints](../endpoints/shimmer.md) section.

:::

> ## Shimmer Beta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Public Testnet
```

> The [Shimmer Beta network](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/reference/networks/betanet/) is the testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Pubic test network](../endpoints/testnet.md) is the testing
```

grounds for the Shimmer [Mainnet](#shimmer-mainnet). It's where developers
can try out all the latest features being tested before being merged into the main Stardust protocol. As it is
a testing ground for new features, you may experience some inconveniences or errors which usually come with beta-stage
software.

### The Faucet

> As the [Shimmer Beta](#shimmer-beta) network is a testing network, you can request test tokens from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the [public test](#public-testnet) network is a testing network, you can request test tokens from
```
